Let's go back to `QuestionsController`
and here let's get rid of this message
then to save the question because the question is belongs to a user or created by user so we can get the
current user by calling
request user
and then call `questions` method to obtain an instance of our relationship
and then call `create` method
This will automatically add the appropriate user_id value to the new question model
and the last we need to pass the question that we enter in the form to this `create` method
Here we can say
request all like so to get all inputs or we can do it explicitly by calling request only and then specify
the request input
and the last
after we have successfully created new question we'll redirect to question index.
So return redirect and then the URI will be questions
or we can also say
redirect route
questions index like this.
So so again, if you're unsure with your routes just go to your terminal and type: php artisan route:list
and then filter by name
here you can pass the URI in the redirect function or chain with route method and specify the route
name
OK
OK, last we'll need to define a flash message we can do that by calling `with` method
then the key will be success
and the value let's say your question has been submitted.
Save and before we try that
actually there's two things that we need to do.
First we need to show the flash message that is stored in session to our view
right?
So let's go to
resources
views layouts folder and here let's create a new file
lat's save it as _messages.blade.php
The file name prefixed with underscore to indicate that this file is partial file.
But actually this is not necessary
here we simply write if
session success
or we can say if any value which has key 'success' found in session
then we'll display it in alert. Here, let's utilize bootstrap alert
And we want it to be able to close it right away.
so, let's go to bootstrap homepage
getbootstrap.com
and then go to the communication.
And here in the search box let's type alert
choose this one
then in the right side let's click dismissing menu
we can see how it looked like.
So here we can see the alert
and we can close it by clicking this icon so let's click this button to copy the markup to a clipboard.
And paste here.
change the alert type to `alert-success`
change the text in the strong tag to success.
And change the message with actuall message in session
so session success.
Alright, Now let's open index.blade.php file. And here we'll show the message on the top of our question list so we can
put it inside this card body
and then let's call our message partial like so
include layouts dot underscore messages
don't forget to save all changes.
And now we can go back to all our browser
OK
The second thing that we need to do is we need to log in.
right?
As you remember that the question is belongs to the user
So if we try to reload the page, and then hit continue. We'll got error like this
So let's go back to previous page
and then hit Logan
actually.
I don't remember the user's email so let me open thinker
php artisan tinker
here
I'll get the first users's email
OK
I'll copy this email
and paste here.
And I'm sure the password is secret.
And now let's go to questions page
and then create new question
Actually here I have my first question in the list.
I entered it before recording and I forgot to delete it
enter the question title
and then question body
and hit asked this question button
All right we have success
message show up and we can see our new question successfully created and added here.
OK great.
Now our question form is working perfectly it able to validate the question and able to save the valid
question to our database.
So with that I'll jump to my terminal
see all the changes we made.
git add all
git commit
push the current branch
switch to master branch
merge to lesson-8
And last push out master branch
Alright in the next lesson we'll extend the functionality of our form so that it also able to use to update
existing question.